The White Council...
The White Council,
Uh-huh. He's talking to himself.  Ha.. ha.. ha..
Oh yeah, let's share. Let's share together. Ha.. ha.. ha..
Ahh... huh...
No.. ha.. ha.. ha..
Yeah, that story...
Gandalf and Elrond. Yeah..
(***) Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And Dave Chappelle (***) I think it was final stay...
You would think you were talking i was talking to myself
He's saying that in the background. (***)
And then everyone just lost in thought.
Galadriel and Gandalf are talking to Lethethy.
Ha.....ha...ha...
This is actually really nice. (***) Yeah... Yeah..
Yeah... yeah... yeah...
He is talking to himself... ha.. ha.. ha...
Ha.. ha.. ha.. He's going on and on and on...ha.. ha.. ha..
I think that's another humorous scene.
that they don't have. (***)
Hnng....Yeah.. yeah.. yeah... that..
The ship... ha.. ha.. ha... yeah... yeah... yeah...yeah...
Iit didn't ... yeah... yeah.. yeah...
Yeah... yeah... yeah...I think it was good.... yeah...
you
Yeah, yeah, yeah. The hotness. Especially the  fidrst  movie. Second.. Yeah, yeah.
There's one  series.
Yeah... yeah.... yeah... yeah... yeah... yeah...yeah...
Yeah...
yeah yeah yeah yeah ... next... yeah...
yeah yeah yeah yeah  yeah.. yeah.. see hang..  ha.. ha.. ha.. yeah..
yeah... ha... ha... ha...
I don't feel the Arkansas.
Yeah...It's so beautiful .ha.. ha.. ha..
Yeah.. ha.. ha.. ha..
Yeah.. ha.. ha..
Ha, ha, ha...
Ha.. ha.. ha...The way he measures the dragon.
When he starts waking up, when he's scratching his head.
Ha... ha... ha...ha...
Ha... ha... ha... ha... Oh, that's actually...
Like Bilbo really stays Bilbo.
There's a character arc and he changes a lot in the story, but he doesn't lose that.
He doesn't lose the quirkiness, which is good... Yeah...
Yeah, evening places. (***)
Yeah...
Mm-hmm.
Oh...Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. make it faster..
He festered by the tent..Ha... ha... ha...
Ha... ,ha,... ha... ha.. ha...
Ha... ha... ha... . ha....
Yeah...  Ha... ha... ha... yeah...
Yes, is that... yeah... ha.. ha.. ha...
Ha... ha... ha... ha...   Yeah...
you.
Yeah...
Humer...
Ohhhh...
Ohhh... Alfred. .. ha.. ha... ha...  the beginning problem...ha.. ha..
Yeah.. ha.. ha..   he's trying to be so meaning..
He's a very sad guy...yeah.. ha.. ha..
Yeah...
Yeah...   He has a very unique character.
Hmmm....   Ah  hum...
Ah huh...
Yeah, yeah. yeah...
Yeah, he's not too... He's just really greedy and selfish. He's not diabolical.
Oh yeah,  Ha... ha... ha...
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah.
yeah yeah he tried and as soon as the leader shows up he tries to
We can understand..ha...ha... ha... (***)
No problem. Hmmm...
Yeah....
Ha, ha, ha...  True...
Ha... ha... ha... ha...
You did it really quickly. yedah... yeah... yeah...
It makes it really clear that he's really looking out for himself.
That's it... ha... ha... ha...   that's it... Yeah...ha... ha... ha...
It's true...
Yeah.  (***)
Yeah. (***)
I think  it is louder...(***)